[Music]
[Music] some 43
some 43
some 43 [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then de Kate me Oh God
then de Kate me Oh God
then de Kate me Oh God and plead my cause against an ungodly
and plead my cause against an ungodly
and plead my cause against an ungodly nation Oh
nation Oh
nation Oh deliver me from the deceitful and unjust
deliver me from the deceitful and unjust
deliver me from the deceitful and unjust man you are the god of my strength
man you are the god of my strength
man you are the god of my strength why do you cast me off why do I go
why do you cast me off why do I go
why do you cast me off why do I go mourning because of the oppression of
mourning because of the oppression of
mourning because of the oppression of the enemy Oh send out your light and
the enemy Oh send out your light and
the enemy Oh send out your light and your truth let them lead me let them
your truth let them lead me let them
your truth let them lead me let them bring me to your holy hill and to your
bring me to your holy hill and to your
bring me to your holy hill and to your tabernacle then I will go to the altar
tabernacle then I will go to the altar
tabernacle then I will go to the altar of God to God by exceeding joy and on
of God to God by exceeding joy and on
of God to God by exceeding joy and on the heart I will praise you O God my God
the heart I will praise you O God my God
the heart I will praise you O God my God why are you cast down O my soul
why are you cast down O my soul
why are you cast down O my soul and why are you disquieted within me
and why are you disquieted within me
and why are you disquieted within me hope in God for I shall yet praise Him
hope in God for I shall yet praise Him
hope in God for I shall yet praise Him the help of my countenance and my god